modules/getting-started/pages/check-published-api-specs.adoc, before:

= Check Published RAML API Specifications Starting Soon

Soon, the API editor in Design Center will be more precise in ensuring that the RAML in your API specifications is valid. However, it will be possible that one or more of the APIs that you used previous versions of the API editor to create and publish to Anypoint Exchange will include invalid RAML that those previous versions did not flag.

You will need to check your published APIs by opening them in the API editor in Design Center. You can use the guide on on xref:design-center::design-modify-raml-specs-conform.adoc[this page] to correct a number of errors that MuleSoft has found while testing the changes to the API editor on a large number of RAML API specifications. If, after these changes to the API editor are released, you see errors that this guide does not include, refer to the specifications for RAML 0.8 and 1.0, which you can read on https://raml.org/[raml.org].

You will have a long grace period to correct any invalid RAML that your published API specifications might include. After the grace period expires, you will be unable to republish and redeploy APIs in which there is invalid RAML.

Commit message:

DOCS-3392 Changing tense
Still need the release date, though

modules/getting-started/pages/check-published-api-specs.adoc, after:

= Check Published RAML API Specifications Starting Soon

As of ..., the API editor in Design Center is more precise in ensuring that the RAML in your API specifications is valid. However, it is possible that one or more of the APIs that you used previous versions of the API editor to create and publish to Anypoint Exchange includes invalid RAML that those previous versions did not flag.

Check your published APIs by opening them in the API editor in Design Center. You can use the guide on on xref:design-center::design-modify-raml-specs-conform.adoc[this page] to correct a number of errors that MuleSoft has found while testing the changes to the API editor on a large number of RAML API specifications. If you see errors that this guide does not include, refer to the specifications for RAML 0.8 and 1.0, which you can read on https://raml.org/[raml.org].

You have a grace period of at least one year to correct any invalid RAML that your published API specifications might include. After the grace period expires, you will be unable to republish and redeploy APIs in which there is invalid RAML.
